Now that we've set things up and now that we're ready, we've rendered our Hello World app and we have
everything set up to start building focus time.
One thing to note here is that when you're in the preview tap and you're trying to run your app.
Note that you know you have the availability to run it on your own device.
You have the availability to emulate it in iOS and you have the ability to emulate it in Android, but
also expose ships natively with the ability to run a native app.
That we're building here for iOS and Android on Web.
Now it does this because it uses something called React Native Web internally and React Native Web is
a library, just like React Native, just like React that allows you to take views, take text and it
traps, piles them and maps them to each HTML and CSS.
OK, so with that in mind, if we look at React Native, React Native is targeting iOS and Android.
It's it's a native library.
It's for native app development.
This course is not tailored to taking an export app and running it in web mode.
None of the choices that we make throughout the course are choices that are geared towards being able
to run both on Web, iOS and Android.
We are solely focusing on iOS and Android.
This is because this course is focused on getting you familiar with the native ecosystems of mobile
development, and running on web comes with its own challenges because we're trying to take something
that's supposed to run on phones and then trying to say, Hey, run in the browser now, you know,
that's great if you're trying to build an app within one ecosystem.
That's a phenomenal way of getting your app across multiple platforms, but we're solely focusing on
iOS and Android.
So just note that if you run in web mode, you're going to run into issues, issues for which we do
not provide solutions, issues for which we do not recommend any particular solve because we focus solely
on iOS and Android.
And I want you all to keep that in mind.